docs(v2): add draft doc (#3346)
facebook/docusaurus: docs/guides-blog.md

- `title` - The blog post title.
- `slug` - The blog post url slug. Example: `/blog/my-test-slug`. When not specified, the blog url slug will be extracted from the file name.
- `unlisted` - The post will be accessible by directly visiting the URL but will not show up in the sidebar in the final build; during local development, the post will still be listed. Useful in situations where you want to share a WIP post with others for feedback.

> - `draft` - The post will not be appeared if set to `true`. Useful in situations where WIP but don't want to share the post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `draft` - The post will not appear if set to `true`. Useful in situations where WIP but don't want to share the post.
```

Author: Thanks for editing the change!
